{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15180\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S4gLgKKhjwP7nmUGjW9zYEhJZsVkWekWBCIpg2IjhyE/edit"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 https://docs.google.com/document/d/1S4gLgKKhjwP7nmUGjW9zYEhJZsVkWekWBCIpg2IjhyE/edit}}
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 IDance App\
\
	- App where you post dance choreographies/videos\
	- organized by styles\
	- tutorials portion\
	- dance meetups/events\
	- featured videos/crews/tutorials sections\
	- Performers needed for events section (location/pay specified)\
	- Auditions/recruiting section\
	- camera portion, lets you record on-the-fly and post videos straight to the app\
	- friends/chat section\
	-connect it to bank account\
	-every video can have tags\
	-possibly implement AI/machine learning for recommendation system\
	-maybe integrate #2 into this after beta test or initial launch\
	-count views, thumbs up(<\'97 make a more prestigious name for this)\
\
	-once enough money is made: host competitions (other ppl can host too) or give out rewards 		based on points/views/thumbs up\
	-business plan/strategy\
	-marketing\
	-finances\
		-venture companies/sponsors/kickstarter/free money/ dragon\'92s den type shit\
	-promos\
	-team members if needed? \
		\
\
\
\
\
Potential Names\
*1. Dance It \
2. DanceWorld or DanceUniverse\
3. Dancers Universe\
3. DanceRevolution\
4. DanceChat\
5. DP - DancePlatform [or Dvij Patel ;)]\
6. DJ - DAAAYYYYMMMM JAY\
7. Dance Dance Dance\
8. D D D (pronounced DEE DEE DEEEEEEEE)\
9. Catch It\
*10. Dance Y\'92all\
*11. Move It (I like to move it move it\'85 i like to move it move it LOL)\
12. God of Dance (awwww sounds like it\'92s referring to a single entity)\
*13. Dansy (or Dantsy) Pantsy (pretttyyy catchy name lol)\
14. DanceArk\
15. DanceAge\
16. Dancer\'92s Dominion\
17. D^3\
18. 4D}